Committing a Rolled-Back Object (#10899)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/application-logic/microflows-and-nanoflows/events/error-event.md

## Introduction

An error event defines where a microflow will stop and throw a new error based on the error that occurred earlier. If you call a microflow, you may want to know whether any errors occurred within the microflow or not.

> When you use this event, it creates a new error with the same information as the original error. Because this is a new error, even if the error that occurred earlier was caught **without rollback**, all database actions within the current transaction will be rolled back (for more information, see [Error Handling in Microflows](/refguide/error-handling-in-microflows/)).

Reviewer: > all database actions within the current transaction will be rolled back

Do you mean 'since the last savepoint' (considering transaction is only on the outer level)? Or don't we make that distinction here?

Author: Good point - we are trying to avoid using "transaction". Would it be best to say "all database actions within the microflow?". I don't want to start talking about savepoints as we are only talking about how we exit the microflow here.

Should I say
```suggestion
When you use this event, it creates a new error with the same information as the original error. Because this is a new error, even if the error that occurred earlier was caught **without rollback**, all database actions within the current microflow will be rolled back (for more information, see [Error Handling in Microflows](/refguide/error-handling-in-microflows/)).
```

Reviewer: I would prefer not to limit it to the actions in the microflow here, as it may very well be that more database actions will be rolled back from the calling microflow.

Author: ```suggestion
When you use this event, it creates a new error with the same information as the original error. Because this is a new error, even if the error that occurred earlier was caught **without rollback**, all database actions within the current microflow will be rolled back. In addition, other database changes might be rolled back depending on how the error is handled in the calling microflow. For more information, see [Error Handling in Microflows](/refguide/error-handling-in-microflows/).
```
